---
layout: post
title:  Things Solidify - How to Survive Boston as a Broke Idiot
date:   2016-04-08
category: broke
summary: Not much has changed, but here's some updates.
---
Well I bought a plane ticket. I'm doing what Kayak calls a "hacker fare" where you buy the two cheapest one-way tickets. Let's hope that works. 

I mentioned [in my last post](http://davisland.info/broke/2016/04/08/Ready.html) that I applied for a workshop with ProPublica. I didn't end up getting in, which is disappointing. However, in some ways that's a relief as well, considering that the workshop started on the same day my internship was supposed to start. The anxiety of getting permission and making sure schedules would work seemed like something I really did not want to go through.

There's a lot of anxiety that goes along with all of this. Which is expected, I guess, especially for me. I saw an ad for this app called [Headspace](https://www.headspace.com/) on Instagram a few weeks ago and I downloaded it on a whim (the app sat buried on my phone until everyone in the closet we call the media office at work realized we all downloaded it and didnt use it—targeted ads are crazy...). I've never meditated before, but I've been following the Headspace ten-day thingy and am on day three, and holy hell, mediation is awesome. After I'm done my stress has pretty much melted away and I feel like laughing and hugging my dog. It's surreal. My partner keeps wanting me to try yoga now. Truly we are millenials.

Thinking about meditation, stress, and anxiety brings up a harsh reality for me: I'm 20. I have grey hairs. 

I've spent a lot of my undergraduate career trying to build a career before I even knew what I liked, what I was good at, all of that. It's coming back to bite me at this point. I don't really want to get too far into it here, but I'm coming to realize that there's a lot of commitments and responsibilities that I have that I don't want any more, or have become chores rather than projects. I want to make radio and cook food. That's kind of it, so I'm in the process of weeding a lot of other stuff out.

We'll see how it goes.