---
layout: post
title:  Getting Ready - How to Survive Boston as a Broke Idiot
date:   2016-04-08
category: broke
summary: Summer is approaching. I have no idea what I'm doing.
---
This summer I’ll be interning (unpaid) in Boston. I’m also broke. I’m also an idiot. This will be a series of blog posts about my experience. 

I had a hard time finding an apartment. Well, kind of. Apartments in Boston are plentiful if you have the money. But I don’t. Like the title of this series says—I’m broke.

In order to be fully transparent, here’s a breakdown of how I’m financing my summer:

+	I’m working remote on the [Write Right Podcast](http://writerightpodcast.github.io) for about 10 hours a week. Right now I’m making $10 an hour. So that should provide me with food money.
+	I’m subletting my room back in Texas. Luckily, I live in a house that my parents own in the town that I go to college in, so I reached an agreement with them that I could apply this money to my rent in Boston. It’s not a lot, somewhere around $1150 for the summer.
+	I’m going to get a part time job in Boston (hopefully).
+	Doing [tape syncs](http://transom.org/2014/get-good-tape-sync/).

Overall, this should leave me about level with my costs for the summer, so I should be floating on top of the water. Hopefully.

But back to housing. I did a lot of running around different sites to try and find a place. I ended up on AirBnb where I found something that was a little on the edge of my price range, but I was just tired of searching, so I went ahead and booked it. Of course a couple days after I booked that place a few inquiries came back for cheaper rooms, but whatever, can’t change it I guess.

Compounding on the stress of all of this is I don’t know exactly what dates my internship spans. I think this is because they’re waiting on me to let them know if I got in to the [ProPublica Summer Data Institute](https://projects.propublica.org/graphics/summer). That really determines how I end up booking flights, etc… Because of that, I guess my actions thus far seem a little counterintuitive, but housing disappears the closer you get to the summer, I’ve heard. So I’m just kind of hoping everything will shake out. 

I haven’t figured out transportation yet. I guess I’ll buy a bike off of Craigslist.